You wake up from a long rest, your room slowly coming into view. Weird... You can't seem to remember your name. What *is* your name?
sunlight trickles in through your window. Would you like to go outside?
It is a sunny day. You notice a watering can. Pick it up?
YOU GOT A WATERING CAN! I wonder what you will use this for...
You decide to go back inside to your room.
Ok, you decide to go back inside to your room.
Ok, you stay inside your room.
You find a napsack under your bed and put it on. It feels heavy against your back. You look inside...
YOU FOUND A SWORD!
This sword was once your grandfather's from the time before. It has a weight to it that makes it feel otherworldly...
YOU FOUND A SHIELD!
This shield was once your grandfather's from the time before. It has a weight to it that makes it feel otherworldly...
Would you like to practice with it?
Alright!
Too bad! An unknown force compels you to practice.
You walk outside to your backyard. Suddenly, a monster appears! It's a Slime!!!
Hmm you've never seen this type of Slime before...
The Slime has stopped charging... FLOWER SLIME has joined your party!
Would you like to name the Flower Slime?

After your battle, you check inside the napsack to see if it holds any other secrets.
You find 5 coins! Hmm... Maybe you can use these coins to buy something at the market.
Would you like to go to the market?
You head to the market at a quick pace. Today it is bustling with customers.
Your feet carry you to a small stall covered from the sun.
Three items are laid out before you:
Which item do you pick?

You are satisfied with your choice, but you can't find the shopkeeper... Do you steal the item?
You hurry home without paying. However, when you get back home, you realize you have been robbed! You have 0 coins.
You place some coins on the counter and leave the market. However, when you check your bag again, you realize that your coins mysteriously doubled. How did that happen?!
You head back home.
You decide to rest before wandering around to find monsters.
All of a sudden, you spot a Slime hiding in the forest!
As you approach your house, you notice a strange old man wandering about.
Would you like to approach him?
You cautiously walk towards him and introduce yourself.
As you're sneaking away, you accidentally step on a fallen branch. The crack alerts the strange man to your presence.
"Young traveller, my name is Allistar, and I have a grand favour to ask you."
"I have heard rumour that you carry the Weapon of Old."
"I must retrieve my magical crown from the evil King Slime."
"Do you accept this mission?"

"Take this map and leave at once! The King Slime must be stopped."
You set out for the long mission ahead, following Allistar's map. However, as night begins to set, you encounter a Walker.
The Walker has stopped charging... WALKER has joined your party!
Would you like to name the Walker?

The terrain becomes mountainous as you approach the King Slime's lair.
Soon you reach a large cavern in the mountainside.
It's pitch black near the back of the cave. Suddenly you hear something start to move.
A golden crown catches your eye, and you know that this must be the King Slime.
Are you ready to begin the battle?


The King Slime dropped his crown. You added the GOLDEN CROWN to your inventory.
You hurry home without trouble and find Allistar waiting for you.
"Thank you, young traveller!"
"The King Slime's curse prevented me from retrieving the crown myself."
"But now, I can rise to my true power. All I need is that crown."
Do you give Allistar the Golden Crown?
"Don't be ridiculous. The crown is mine."
Do you give him the Golden Crown?
"Stop joking around, JUST GIVE IT TO ME!"
Last chance... Do you give the crown to him?

"MUHUHAHAHAHA!"
"YOU *FOOL*! NOW I HAVE THE POWER TO DEFEAT THE KINGDOM!"
You watch, exhausted, as the sun sets over the hills.
So far, your grandfather's 
At this point, there's nothing left to do but continue onward.
